# PS2: Pentaflake

## Contact
Name: Manasvi Boineypally   
Section: 202    

Partner Name: none
Partner Section: none

Time to Complete: 6hrs


## Description
The project draws a Pentaflake:
 a fractal pattern that uses pentagons. Pentaflake ( The nautilus seashell ) Pentaflake class will create and render the complex geometric structure inspired by the pentaflake using SFML graphics librarythe pentaflake is created in a recursive way, starting with a central pentagon and then adding smaller pentagons at each vertex and in the center. The process is performed recursively to a suitable order of recursion, creating an extremely complex yet very regular self-similar pattern. This class can be used to tweak the initial side length and the recursion depth.

### Features
1.Recursive Implementation:
I decided to draw Pentaflake recursively. This will let me represent the fractal structure more intuitively and cleaner in your implementation.
2.Rotation Feature:
I added in the feature of being able to rotate the Pentaflake for an animation. This also added an aesthetic touch to the fractal, showing it can do dynamic graphics programming as well.
3.Random Color Generation:
The Pentaflake is generated by assigning a random color to each pentagon. This brings in an added aesthetic variation in the fractal pattern.
4.Usage of SFML:
You opted to use the SFML library for rendering. Your choice is a solid one due to the robust set of tools it provides for the creation and manipulation of shapes and handling of transformations.
5.Parameterized Constructor:
The constructor of the Pentaflake is parameterized by side length and depth. This allows instance creation of Pentaflakes of different sizes and complexities.

### Issues
none

### Extra Credit
1. Added the multi colors at each recursive construction of the pentaflake
2. Begins the rotation continously when the window is created 
3. Each pentagon blinks the colors just like a diso lights while rotating

## Pair Programming
none

## Acknowledgements
1. SFML Documentaton
2. ps2.pdf from the Black Board